# genpass.py
This is a Python password generator that generates strong passwords containing letters, numbers, and special characters. The tool uses a combination of Python's built-in secrets and string modules to generate random and secure passwords that are 12 characters long.

Table of Contents

    Installation
    Usage
    Contributing
    License
    Acknowledgments

Installation

To use the Python password generator, you will need to have Python 3 installed on your computer. You can download and install Python 3 from the official website: https://www.python.org/downloads/.

After installing Python 3, you can download the password_generator.py file from this repository and run it using the command line:

python password_generator.py

Usage

To use the Python password generator, simply run the password_generator.py script using the command line. The script will generate a new 12-character password each time it is run.

You can also modify the length of the password generated by specifying the pw_length parameter when calling the create_pw function. For example, to generate a 16-character password, you can run:

python

print(create_pw(16))

Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the Python password generator, feel free to fork this repository and submit a pull request with your changes. Please make sure to follow the PEP 8 style guide and include tests for any new features or bug fixes.
License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
Acknowledgments

    Python documentation for secrets and string modules.
